Senator Mitch McConnell, the Republican leader, told President Trump this past week that Judges Raymond
 M. Kethledge and Thomas M. Hardiman presented the fewest obvious obstacles to being confirmed to
 replace Justice Anthony M. Kennedy on the Supreme Court, according to Republican officials briefed on
 the conversation.


While careful not to directly make the case for any would-be justice, Mr. McConnell made clear in
 multiple phone calls with Mr. Trump and the White House counsel, Donald F. McGahn II, that the lengthy
 paper trail of another top contender, Judge Brett M. Kavanaugh, would pose difficulties for his
 confirmation.

Mr. McConnell is concerned about the volume of the documents that Judge Kavanaugh has created in his 12
 years on the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, as well as in his
 roles as White House staff secretary under President George W. Bush and assistant to Kenneth W. Starr,
 the independent counsel who investigated President Bill Clinton.

The number of pages is said to run into the millions, which Mr. McConnell fears could hand Senate
 Democrats an opportunity to delay the confirmation vote until after the new session of the court begins
 in October, with the midterm elections looming the next month. And while Judge Kavanaugh’s judicial
 opinions are publicly known, Mr. McConnell is uneasy about relitigating Bush-era controversies, the
 officials briefed on his discussions with Mr. Trump said.

With Senator John McCain’s absence because of brain cancer, Republicans have just 50 votes, and Mr.
 McConnell does not want to draw the ire of his libertarian-leaning Kentucky colleague, Senator Rand
 Paul, who opposed hawkish Bush policies. Aides to Mr. Trump and Mr. McConnell declined requests for
 comment.


Mr. McConnell is similarly wary of imperiling the votes of two moderate Republicans, Senators Lisa
 Murkowski of Alaska and Susan Collins of Maine. He has told Mr. Trump he could lose the two senators,
 who support abortion rights, if he picks another judge seen as a contender, Amy Coney Barrett, an
 outspoken social conservative who some observers believe may be more open to overturning Roe v. Wade.


On Saturday afternoon, Mr. Trump was undecided about his pick — which he has said he will reveal in a
 prime-time address on Monday night — according to three people in contact with him. He went back and
 forth every few hours between the four options in front of him, with Judge Kethledge getting the least
 attention, people familiar with his thinking said. It is similar to how Mr. Trump has approached most
 of his self-imposed deadlines for appointees, toggling between choices until nearly the last moment.


Mr. Trump, who in recent days has made mocking reference to the #MeToo movement at a rally and in
 private conversations, is said to be intrigued by the political statement of picking a woman. But he
 also likes Judge Hardiman, whom advisers say Mr. Trump came close to picking in 2017 before choosing
 Neil M. Gorsuch to fill his first Supreme Court vacancy.

The president’s only public statement about the choice confronting him came in a tweet from his golf
 club in Bedminster, N.J., where he was spending the weekend. “Big decision will soon be made on our
 next Justice of the Supreme Court!” he wrote.

Judge Kavanaugh, who has been seen as the front-runner, has inspired a broad campaign among supporters,
 but also a round of criticism from some Republicans, who have called his decisions in abortion and
 health care cases insufficiently conservative. His supporters have scoffed at the notion he is not
 conservative enough.

Mr. Trump’s hurdles with Judge Kavanaugh have been less about his judicial rulings than his proximity to
 the Bush family, of whom the president remains deeply skeptical, according to two people who have
 spoken with him.

